# Week 3 Lab: Verification

Make Note: What testing strategy did you adopt for this Exercise2? What decisions did you have to make and how did you come up with your answers?

I decided to focus on three types of tests for exercise 2 to best cover the code written. The first type of test I wrote ensured that the reset functionality of the model worked properly. It did not try to test any other logic other than resetting tht initial value to a set starting value so that if this test ever breaks you know that there is not necessarily something wrong with the "business logic" of the module, but rather the resetting of the initial value is broken. The next type of test I wrote was static starting value tests. This code tested set starting values that I thought should be tested to ensure the module was working such as 0 and the largest possible input value. The final type of test I wrote was for generating random starting values and testing that they also work properly. Over time this test will cover all possible starting values but it does not have to do so every single time you want to test the code.

Make Note: How does testing a Don’t Care work? What must be done to ensure the input truly has no effect on output?
I set the Don't Care parameter to 0, and then tested it against all possible inputs of the other parameters and made sure they all produce an output of 0. This definitely ensured the input had no effect on the output but I don't know if it was the most efficient way of doing so.